someone just knocked on the door I'm
going to grab this knife because I have
a suspicion of what it is
Oh what is it
Oh yep it is what I thought it was I'm
not going to make a mistake of showing
you guys my address again but this box
is from rip and dip okay this is where I
sit when I do these I sit on the floor
right here right on my computer my
cameras crooked all right those gross
those are Julie Peter Lee ER so a lot of
people always comment about Sasuke why
do you have so much ruined it
are you sponsored by ripping this dealer
you want Griffin dip and the thing is I
used to work there and I have known
those guys since I moved out to
California for years ago I use them
before I move here because I ran a skate
shop and we carry ripping it out of
Sketchup so those guys are kind of my
dogs and I hit them up well this is my
dog they're my homies so I hit them up
and I was like hey dude people are
always asking my rippin tips they always
say it's sick so I hit him up and I was
like yo let's do an unboxing so he says
no problem so he sends me a box picked
out everything that I wanted don't look
at that that's my address I'm going to
do a little fashion show with all this
because I'm excited about all this stuff
is coming this this come I mean what do
a fashion show up on all this stuff that
I got so let's see a piece of cardboard
no way kidding it's not that cool
see this is the packing slip here it is
all right stop actually after these
that's cool
white socks classic thank you more socks
nice they're there he hooked it up with
stuff I didn't even ask for it I didn't
even ask for the sick sick dad hat I
love data I'm just going to open every
single thing right now right in front of
your face
we got this baby blue young dad hat
right here there oh this is nice this is
nice I feel nice in this thank you
Costanza that's that's the name of the
pack
well I parted ways of brick-red just
before all this holiday stuff came out
so yes we got this purple one - I like
this one so I say I knew all what all
these products were going to be and
before I was like man I got to have all
that stuff that's up it stick some fire
I got the purple one these kind of feel
like candy just because of their colors
SiC that has skin I got another black
one because I need a new fresh black hat
because I skate and all my black hats
and they get those white stains around
them which is grow yeah sick we got some
pins do you answer this I got a subpoena
Cody this is sick
soaked oh and I'm so hyped on these all
of these polos these are polos you guys
so I say to these are polos these are
polos with this one ooh is this a
half-lift
yep that's a happenin baby and we got
some stickers ripping dip thank you
let's bless up thank you so much thank
you guys oh and Joey's taking the pin
Joey thinks that these are hers so
they're mine
those are mine Joey you we bought you so
many toys and so many treats okay
you want those fine you can have those I
have no idea where we left off but
Jessica and I and Joanne are going to
the dog beach
look at you scouting out the world this
is so funny London I mean Oh
bless you she's even when she was there
hadn't no evident funny she likes it
though
[Music]
look there
so many seasons
let's see oh my god you got not all over
my door you dude and we're here we're at
the dog beach woof Oh sick dude oh my
god
what that dudes riding really because
that one no have you seen it
the huge clip they're a hella dogs down
there Joanne is going to have one hell
of a day bullying is the best path like
stop don't move don't know I'm going
carrots are you ready to make some
friends you know when
hey Jojo No
I'm going to throw this away first poop
of the session is going to be Joey first
time touching the ocean are you gonna
put your sandals on oh let me set them
up down there you want to play
pokéblock
No
oh she doesn't like it maybe she won't
eat these other dogs do it Joey kill me
just like
I'll let the water get it
good
allowing bass
let's go down there real quick hey buddy
I know
Joey is insanely excited we have never
seen her this crazy and expression
example
it grow up
doesn't even look like she's having fun
oh my god
[Music]
cool Jack Russell zombies and pitbull we
think yeah we don't know
excuse me crazy away yeah Billy honest
oh no he looks like a pimp leave her
Stoddard you just looking more and more
Deborah oh yeah yeah
I think that she will we would never
hear again she's just so we start
healthy classes next week
so until then she's a maniac no cuz she
just got all of her shots like recently
so I was so terrified to like take her
anywhere I was like her first like real
outing right yes you've never seen
awesome yeah so we're leaving um Joey's
cold I'm hungry I have to pee and that
was fun family time it's actually so
dark at the beach right now and it's so
insane how light that camera this is
yeah that camera is amazing low life but
do it again because you might have been
out of focus okay we're leaving we're
good ha I'm updating because we're
leaving so fun know that uh there might
not be much enthusiasm here but yeah
there is believe ma'am well which is
also your third time doing it up yet so
believe me I saying
[Music]
good girl
we're home we're home home home I think
my skateboards in here good girl good
girl Joey update because I haven't done
one in a little bit
betting doing some of my house boring
stuff that you don't care about update
yeah we're going to Anaheim right now
because jessica has like a job interview
with some promoter and I'm going with
her to make sure she doesn't die so oh
my god oh my god
alright so with all the stuff that I
opened earlier I did open a little bit
of it I've been wearing some of it like
right now I'm wearing the Polo check it
out
it's sick I feel super Golf dad I love
it it's the material is really premium
it's nice it's fine and it's like a
thicker shirt nice little embroidery on
the sleeves right there joinery right
there don't forget TV but what I'm going
to do is I'm going to try everything on
give you guys a little fashion show we
got the baby blue cuz fans a bad hat I
think that's only those that go to me we
got here lavender Costanza dad hat good
brain drop drip drop top jump stop
smoking they'll cook in the hot fire
dance so like obviously I'm being idiot
these I will not be trying on oh you got
some new more jealous click on my now
here this crop circle path this where I
will feel the utmost urban all sets a
bit I think they call it a Japanese give
up where like this up here
and I love it I love the way it looks
hey how you doing it open it's dim I you
go right is that so relevant first I'll
show you the hood print because we out
here on the top of the hood and you got
a print right there the left chest print
then you got the back print and now we
got the wired hoodie that's the back
print and we got the sleeve hit also
ripping it down the sleeve so black
hoodie can never go wrong with a black
hoodie my line why you always my mom's
actually like to wear my hoods like this
and I want to thank you guys for liking
commenting watching and subscribing what
you can't have this this is chocolate
dark can't have chocolate thank you
[Music]